Hello friend, welcome to Stock Research
Center.  Today we are going to talk
about ICICI Lambor stock.  The company
's quarter three numbers have been made
public here.  Let us see
how the numbers that have come here have
come here.   The
statement of audited results for the
quarter ended is in front of you here and the value
given here is in lakhs.  If we
look at the total income, the total income
of the company is Rs
crore.  The last quarter here is Rs 6582
crore.  In the same quarter of last year, the
business here has improved by 5882 year on year.
But quarter on
quarter, you
can almost say that the business here is flat or there has been some
growth in the business here.
Talking about total expenses, the
total expenses of the company here have
come to Rs 639 crores.  Last quarter, Rs 5830
crore was received and in the same quarter of last year, Rs
5197 crore was received.  So the expenses have also
increased here quarter on quarter and year on year because the business income has also
increased here.  Now let's talk about
how much profit the company has made here
?
So let's just look at the final profit.  Here is the
final profit of the company.
If we talk about profit after tax (
PAT), it has come to Rs 658 crore.
Last quarter, Rs 819 crore came here
and in the same quarter of last year, Rs
724 crore came here.  So here the profit
of the company has declined both on Q on Q
basis and year on year basis.   The
company's results here have
come on the weak side.  While the
business has grown.
Please do let us know how you liked the numbers by commenting.  If you like the video, please
like the video.  If you are new to the channel, please
subscribe to the channel and turn on the bell
notification.  See you
in the next video.